
# HMP 4040

## Instrument Card

The Rohde & Schwarz HMP4040 power supply belongs to the HMP series and has 4 channels and a power of 384W. All four channels have an output voltage of 0-32V and an output current of 0-10A.

<details open>
<summary><h2>Manufacturer Card</h2></summary>
Rohde & Schwarz GmbH & Co KG is an international electronics group specializing in the fields of electronic test equipment, broadcast & media, cybersecurity, radiomonitoring and radiolocation, and radiocommunication. <a href=https://www.rohde-schwarz.com/ca/home_48230.html>Website</a>.
<br>
<ul>
  <li>Headquarters: Munich, Germany</li>
  <li>Yearly Revenue (millions, USD): 2500.0</li>
</ul>
</details>

## Connect to the HMP 4040 in Python

[Read our guide for turning Python scripts into Flojoy nodes.](https://docs.flojoy.ai/custom-nodes/creating-custom-node/)


### Qcodes Community

```python
from qcodes.instrument_drivers.rohde_schwarz.HMP4040 import RohdeSchwarzHMP4040

# Create an instance of the HMP4040 power supply
hmp = RohdeSchwarzHMP4040('hmp', 'TCPIP0::192.168.0.1::INSTR')

# Connect to the power supply
hmp.connect()

# Perform operations with the power supply
# ...

# Disconnect from the power supply
hmp.disconnect()
```

This code imports the `RohdeSchwarzHMP4040` class from the `qcodes.instrument_drivers.rohde_schwarz.HMP4040` module. It then creates an instance of the `RohdeSchwarzHMP4040` class named `hmp`, passing the name and address of the power supply as arguments.

The `connect()` method is called to establish a connection with the power supply. You can then perform operations with the power supply using the `hmp` instance. Finally, the `disconnect()` method is called to close the connection with the power supply.

### Pymeasure


```python
from pymeasure.adapters import VISAAdapter
from pymeasure.instruments import HMP4040

# Create a VISA adapter for communication
adapter = VISAAdapter("TCPIP::192.168.1.1::INSTR")

# Connect to the HMP4040 Power Supply
power_supply = HMP4040(adapter)

# Perform operations on the power supply
power_supply.beep()
power_supply.control_method = "REM"
voltage = power_supply.voltage
current = power_supply.current

# Disconnect from the power supply
power_supply.disconnect()
```

This script connects to the HMP4040 Power Supply using a VISA adapter with the IP address "192.168.1.1". It then performs some operations on the power supply, such as emitting a beep, setting the control method to remote, and reading the voltage and current values. Finally, it disconnects from the power supply.

Note: Replace "TCPIP::192.168.1.1::INSTR" with the appropriate VISA address for your specific setup.

