
# HMP 2020

## Instrument Card

The R&S HMP2020 two-channel power supply deliver up to 188 W total output power

<details open>
<summary><h2>Manufacturer Card</h2></summary>
Rohde & Schwarz GmbH & Co KG is an international electronics group specializing in the fields of electronic test equipment, broadcast & media, cybersecurity, radiomonitoring and radiolocation, and radiocommunication. <a href=https://www.rohde-schwarz.com/ca/home_48230.html>Website</a>.
<br>
<ul>
  <li>Headquarters: Munich, Germany</li>
  <li>Yearly Revenue (millions, USD): 2500.0</li>
</ul>
</details>

## Connect to the HMP 2020 in Python

[Read our guide for turning Python scripts into Flojoy nodes.](https://docs.flojoy.ai/custom-nodes/creating-custom-node/)


### Qcodes Community


```python
import qcodes as qc
from qcodes.instrument_drivers.rohde_schwarz.HMP2020 import HMP2020

# Connect to the power supply
hmp = HMP2020('hmp', 'TCPIP0::192.168.0.1::inst0::INSTR')

# Print the power supply IDN
print(hmp.IDN())

# Set the output voltage to 5V
hmp.voltage(5)

# Enable the output
hmp.output('on')

# Disable the output after 2 seconds
qc.sleep(2)
hmp.output('off')

# Close the connection
hmp.close()
```

In this script, we import the necessary modules and classes from Qcodes Community. We then create an instance of the `HMP2020` class, passing the instrument name and the connection string as arguments. The connection string specifies the communication protocol and the IP address of the power supply.

We can then use the various methods and properties of the `HMP2020` class to interact with the power supply. In this example, we print the power supply's identification (IDN), set the output voltage to 5V, enable the output, wait for 2 seconds using `qc.sleep()`, and then disable the output. Finally, we close the connection to the power supply using the `close()` method.

Note: Make sure to replace `'TCPIP0::192.168.0.1::inst0::INSTR'` with the actual IP address of your HMP 2020 Power Supply.

