
# HMP 4030

## Instrument Card

The Rohde & Schwarz HMP4030 power supply belongs to the HMP series and has 3 channels and a power of 384W. All three channels have an output voltage of 0-32V and an output current of 0-10A. The Rohde & Schwarz HMP series are programmable DC power supplies.

<details open>
<summary><h2>Manufacturer Card</h2></summary>
Rohde & Schwarz GmbH & Co KG is an international electronics group specializing in the fields of electronic test equipment, broadcast & media, cybersecurity, radiomonitoring and radiolocation, and radiocommunication. <a href=https://www.rohde-schwarz.com/ca/home_48230.html>Website</a>.
<br></br>
<ul>
  <li>Headquarters: Munich, Germany</li>
  <li>Yearly Revenue (millions, USD): 2500.0</li>
</ul>
</details>

## Connect to the HMP 4030 in Python

[Read our guide for turning Python scripts into Flojoy nodes.](https://docs.flojoy.ai/custom-nodes/creating-custom-node/)


### Qcodes Community

To connect to a Rohde & Schwarz HMP4030 Power Supply using Qcodes Community, you can use the following Python script:

```python
from qcodes.instrument_drivers.rohde_schwarz.HMP4030 import RohdeSchwarzHMP4030

# Create an instance of the HMP4030 driver
hmp = RohdeSchwarzHMP4030('hmp', 'TCPIP0::192.168.0.1::INSTR')

# Connect to the instrument
hmp.connect()

# Now you can use the instrument for various operations
# For example, you can set the output voltage
hmp.voltage(5)  # Set the output voltage to 5V

# You can also read the current output voltage
voltage = hmp.voltage()  # Read the output voltage

# Disconnect from the instrument
hmp.disconnect()
```

In this script, we import the `RohdeSchwarzHMP4030` class from the `qcodes.instrument_drivers.rohde_schwarz.HMP4030` module. We then create an instance of the driver by providing a name for the instrument (`'hmp'`) and the instrument's address (`'TCPIP0::192.168.0.1::INSTR'`).

After creating the instance, we can connect to the instrument using the `connect()` method. Once connected, we can use various methods provided by the driver to control the instrument. In the example, we set the output voltage to 5V using the `voltage()` method and then read the output voltage using the same method.

Finally, we disconnect from the instrument using the `disconnect()` method.

