
# PS 120  10

## Instrument Card



<details open>
<summary><h2>Manufacturer Card</h2></summary>
Oxford Instruments plc is a United Kingdom manufacturing and research company that designs and manufactures tools and systems for industry and research. The company is headquartered in Abingdon, Oxfordshire, England, with sites in the United Kingdom, United States, Europe, and Asia.[2] It is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index.[3]. <a href=https://www.oxinst.com/>Website</a>.
<br></br>
<ul>
  <li>Headquarters: Abingdon, United Kingdom</li>
  <li>Yearly Revenue (millions, USD): 367.3</li>
</ul>
</details>

## Connect to the PS 120  10 in Python

[Read our guide for turning Python scripts into Flojoy nodes.](https://docs.flojoy.ai/custom-nodes/creating-custom-node/)


### Pymeasure


```python
from pymeasure.adapters import GPIBAdapter
from pymeasure.instruments.oxford import PS120_10

# Create a GPIB adapter
adapter = GPIBAdapter(address="GPIB::25")

# Create an instance of the PS120_10 instrument
ps = PS120_10(adapter)

# Enable control of the power supply
ps.enable_control()

# Train the magnet
ps.train_magnet([
    (11.8, 1.0),
    (13.9, 0.4),
    (14.9, 0.2),
    (16.0, 0.1),
])

# Set the field to 12 T
ps.set_field(12)

# Print the current field
print(ps.field)

# Set the field to 0 T
ps.set_field(0)

# Disable control of the power supply
ps.disable_control()
```

This script first creates a GPIB adapter using the `GPIBAdapter` class from Pymeasure. The address parameter is set to "GPIB::25" to specify the GPIB address of the power supply.

Then, an instance of the `PS120_10` instrument is created using the adapter. This instrument represents the Oxford Superconducting Magnet Power Supply PS 120-10.

The script then enables control of the power supply using the `enable_control()` method. It trains the magnet by calling the `train_magnet()` method with a list of field and current values.

Next, it sets the field to 12 T using the `set_field()` method and prints the current field using the `field` property.

After that, it sets the field to 0 T and finally disables control of the power supply using the `disable_control()` method.

Note: Make sure you have Pymeasure installed (`pip install pymeasure`) and the necessary GPIB drivers for your system.

