
# ITC 503

## Instrument Card

Oxford Intelligent Temperature Controller ITC 502. Oxford Instruments ITC502 Intelligent Temperature Controller (Model 611-968) is a three term controller. It has the capability of monitoring up to three thermometers at the same time, and supplying heat to control the temperature of one part of the cryostat. The sensor interface can be configured to suit a wide range of thermometers (typically within the temperature range of 0.25 to 500 K).

<details open>
<summary><h2>Manufacturer Card</h2></summary>
Oxford Instruments plc is a United Kingdom manufacturing and research company that designs and manufactures tools and systems for industry and research. The company is headquartered in Abingdon, Oxfordshire, England, with sites in the United Kingdom, United States, Europe, and Asia.[2] It is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index.[3]. <a href=https://www.oxinst.com/>Website</a>.
<br><br>
<ul>
  <li>Headquarters: Abingdon, United Kingdom</li>
  <li>Yearly Revenue (millions, USD): 367.3</li>
</ul>
</details>

## Connect to the ITC 503 in Python

[Read our guide for turning Python scripts into Flojoy nodes.](https://docs.flojoy.ai/custom-nodes/creating-custom-node/)


### Instrumentkit

To connect to an ITC 503 Temperature Controller using Instrumentkit, you can use the following Python script:

```python
import instrumentkit as ik

# Connect to the ITC 503 Temperature Controller
itc = ik.oxford.OxfordITC503.open_gpibusb('/dev/ttyUSB0', 1)

# Read the temperature of the first sensor
temperature = itc.sensor[0].temperature
print(temperature)
```

This script imports the `instrumentkit` module as `ik` and uses the `open_gpibusb` method of the `OxfordITC503` class to connect to the ITC 503 Temperature Controller. The `open_gpibusb` method takes the device path (`'/dev/ttyUSB0'`) and the GPIB address (`1`) as arguments.

After connecting, you can access the temperature of the sensors using the `sensor` property of the `itc` object. In this example, we read the temperature of the first sensor by accessing `itc.sensor[0].temperature`. The temperature is returned as a `pint.Quantity` object with units in Kelvin.

Finally, the temperature is printed to the console using `print(temperature)`.

### Pymeasure


```python
from pymeasure.instruments import OxfordITC503

# Connect to the ITC 503 Temperature Controller
itc = OxfordITC503("GPIB::24")

# Set the control mode to remote
itc.control_mode = "RU"

# Turn on auto heater and flow
itc.heater_gas_mode = "AUTO"

# Turn on auto-pid
itc.auto_pid = True

# Print the current set-point
print(itc.temperature_setpoint)

# Change the set-point to 300 K
itc.temperature_setpoint = 300

# Wait for the temperature to stabilize
itc.wait_for_temperature()

# Print the temperature at sensor 1
print(itc.temperature_1)
```

This script connects to the ITC 503 Temperature Controller using the GPIB address "GPIB::24". It sets the control mode to remote, turns on auto heater and flow, and enables auto-pid. It then prints the current set-point temperature, changes the set-point to 300 K, waits for the temperature to stabilize, and finally prints the temperature at sensor 1.

Note: Make sure you have the necessary dependencies installed, such as Pymeasure and the GPIB driver for your specific hardware.

