
# ATS9360 - 12bit, 1.8GS/s

## Instrument Card

ATS9360 is a fast, 12-bit waveform digitizer based on the 8-lane PCI Express Gen2 interface.

<details open>
<summary><h2>Manufacturer Card</h2></summary>
Alazar Technologies Inc. (AlazarTech) was founded in 2003 with the goal of serving the test and measurement market, in general, and the embedded waveform digitizer (OEM) market segment, in particular, by providing highly differentiated, high performance instrumentation products at affordable prices. <a href=https://www.alazartech.com/>Website</a>.

<ul>
  <li>Headquarters: CANADA - QC</li>
  <li>Yearly Revenue (millions, USD): 4.0</li>
</ul>
</details>

## Connect to the ATS9360 - 12bit, 1.8GS/s in Python

[Read our guide for turning Python scripts into Flojoy nodes.](https://docs.flojoy.ai/custom-nodes/creating-custom-node/)


### Qcodes


```python
import qcodes as qc
from qcodes.instrument_drivers.tektronix.ATS9360 import ATS9360

# Connect to the ATS9360 DAQ board
daq = ATS9360("daq", "TCPIP0::192.168.1.1::inst0::INSTR")

# Print the instrument ID
print(daq.IDN())

# Set the sample rate to 1.8 GS/s
daq.sample_rate(1.8e9)

# Set the number of samples to acquire
daq.num_points(1000)

# Arm the acquisition
daq.arm()

# Start the acquisition
daq.run()

# Wait for the acquisition to complete
daq.wait_done()

# Read the acquired data
data = daq.data()

# Print the acquired data
print(data)

# Disconnect from the DAQ board
daq.close()
```

In this script, we first import the necessary modules and classes from Qcodes. Then, we create an instance of the `ATS9360` instrument driver, passing the instrument name and the connection string as arguments. The connection string `"TCPIP0::192.168.1.1::inst0::INSTR"` assumes that the DAQ board is connected to the IP address `192.168.1.1`.

We can then use various methods of the `ATS9360` instrument driver to interact with the DAQ board. For example, we can use the `sample_rate` method to set the sample rate to 1.8 GS/s, the `num_points` method to set the number of samples to acquire, and the `arm` and `run` methods to start the acquisition.

After the acquisition is complete, we can use the `data` method to read the acquired data. Finally, we close the connection to the DAQ board using the `close` method.

Note: This code assumes that you have already installed the necessary dependencies, including Qcodes and the Tektronix instrument driver for ATS9360.

