
# MHS 5200 A

## Instrument Card

MHS-5200A series instruments using large scale integrated circuits andhigh-speed FPGA MCU microprocessor, the internal circuit to take surface mounttechnology has greatly enhanced the instrument's noise immunity and service life.Display interface using LC1602 LCD display is divided into two lines, the top lineshows the current frequency, the following line displays additional parameters orfunction variable and flexible use of flip key setting, greatly enhances the operability.

<details open>
<summary><h2>Manufacturer Card</h2></summary>
Could not find. <a href=nan>Website</a>.

<ul>
  <li>Headquarters: nan</li>
  <li>Yearly Revenue (millions, USD): nan</li>
</ul>
</details>

## Connect to the MHS 5200 A in Python

[Read our guide for turning Python scripts into Flojoy nodes.](https://docs.flojoy.ai/custom-nodes/creating-custom-node/)


### Instrumentkit

Here is an example Python script that uses Instrumentkit to connect to a MHS 5200 A Function Generator:

```python
import instrumentkit as ik

# Connect to the MHS 5200 A Function Generator
mhs = ik.minghe.MHS5200.open_serial(vid=1027, pid=24577, baud=19200, timeout=1)

# Set the frequency of channel 1 to 1 kHz
mhs.channel[0].frequency = 1e3

# Set the amplitude of channel 1 to 2 V peak-to-peak
mhs.channel[0].amplitude = 2, ik.VoltageMode.peak_to_peak

# Enable channel 1
mhs.channel[0].enable = True

# Set the frequency of channel 2 to 2 kHz
mhs.channel[1].frequency = 2e3

# Set the amplitude of channel 2 to 1 V rms
mhs.channel[1].amplitude = 1, ik.VoltageMode.rms

# Enable channel 2
mhs.channel[1].enable = True

# Disconnect from the MHS 5200 A Function Generator
mhs.close()
```

Explanation:
1. The `import instrumentkit as ik` statement imports the Instrumentkit library and assigns it the alias `ik`.
2. The `ik.minghe.MHS5200.open_serial()` function is used to connect to the MHS 5200 A Function Generator via serial communication. The `vid`, `pid`, `baud`, and `timeout` parameters specify the vendor ID, product ID, baud rate, and timeout for the serial connection.
3. The `mhs.channel[0]` and `mhs.channel[1]` statements access the first and second channels of the MHS 5200 A Function Generator, respectively.
4. The `frequency` property is used to set the frequency of a channel. In this example, channel 1 is set to 1 kHz and channel 2 is set to 2 kHz.
5. The `amplitude` property is used to set the amplitude of a channel. In this example, channel 1 is set to 2 V peak-to-peak and channel 2 is set to 1 V rms.
6. The `enable` property is used to enable or disable a channel. In this example, both channel 1 and channel 2 are enabled.
7. The `mhs.close()` statement is used to disconnect from the MHS 5200 A Function Generator.

